What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Metadata is created in a hidden folder.
You have to initialize the repository so git can keep track of the changes on the 
files you want git to do so.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

These files are under control of git and you can commit them.
You see them as added to the repository and pending to commit
The ones not added in the working directory are shown as pending to add
This helps you to know what are you working on and what is pending

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Just add the files you want to commit to the staging using git add, 
then commit them with a meaningful comment.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are useful when you want to experiment or start with a new feature, while you can
continue using master as the real version where you can fix bugs.

It helps to keep organized the things you are working on without affecting others.
Merge will help to make everything go together to master after the work is done

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They allow you to see the seq of commits that are in the branch, and the
commits that affect that branch. So you can see when you introduce a bug
or if a bug fix is part of your branch - if it is not, you might have to
merge (somehow .. to be learnt in future videos?)

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

You get the changes from the 2nd branch into the first one.
We represent it that way to know the order of the commits and see
the history clearly

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros - the easy merges are done without you doing anything
Cons - may be sometimes an error gets hidden into an auto merge
